(The Lady in Dignity)
They were things that she wanted so badly.
I wanted her to take all of them.
The smell of burning leather...
was really revolting.
It smelled as disgusting...
as rotting sludge of human desires.
Then,
I burned my last gift for her.
This is the police, right?
I'm calling to report a theft case.
What should we do now?
We're totally screwed now.
This situation is really driving me crazy.
Why on earth did you do such a thing without even talking to us about it?
What are we going to do now?
Dad's factory in China is not part of it.
It's been sold too because it's also considered the company's asset.
What about Dad's cash? He has cash.
We can spend it.
Hey, Jae Hui. How can you say that?
What do you want me to do then?
You should've stopped me when I said we should get Dad's company back.
We're in this mess because you didn't stop me.
Are you kidding me right now? You got us into this mess.
I can't believe you want to spend Dad's cash.
What is in that brain of yours?
Gosh! Your wife divorced you because you cheated on her.
Don't be mean.
I'm being mean? You brought it upon yourself.
- You got what you deserved. - What did you just say?
- What! If you weren't my sister... - Fine, bring it on!
- Go ahead and hit me. Just kill me. - Please don't be like this.
You two should get through this together.
You guys should just leave!
We can't.
We won't go anywhere until Jae Gu pays us.
I'm going crazy! I'd rather die than live like this.
Why should you die? Sue that con man and focus on getting the money back.
- Hey, do you know any lawyers? - I do.
He's a complete idiot though.
Hey, you can't leave me here alone with those two guys.
Gosh! This is so annoying!
I...
need you to make me just like you.
want you to make me just like you.
Woo A Jin, make me just like you.
Then...
I'll...
help you save Chairman Ahn.
You better not mess with me.
If you mess with me one more time, I'll grind you up...
and use you for salted seafood with kimchi.
Did you send me hairtail heads?
You must have lost your mind.
Hello, Mr. Han. It's me.
Let's meet.
Ju Mi.
Ju Mi!
All my jewelry has been stolen.
You called the police already, right?
I really don't want to live anymore.
By the way, where's Un Gyu? It doesn't look like he's home.
He's in the States.
He's there with his friends to learn English...
and celebrate his graduation.
I'm glad he got to go away.
He studied so hard for the college entrance exam.
Is there any word from Jae Gu?
I think...
he's dead.
What are you talking about?
I can't even figure out when things started going wrong.
I might go stay with my parents for a few days.
I don't want to be alone.
Yes, you should.
The school is closed during vacation anyway.
I hope you can get as much rest as possible.
I told you that you don't need to come here anymore.
Mr. Han would like me to stay and continue helping you.
I bet he told you to continue to keep an eye on me.
I didn't think she would do that. She even turned her phone off.
People scare me the most.
Do you happen to know Ms. Jo's new address?
No, I don't.
I do remember her talking about where her son works...
when we were chatting at Pungsuk's Kitchen.
- I love you. - Oh, boy.
- I love you. - I love you.
I'll visit Chairman Ahn at the hospital.
- Okay, thank you. - No problem.
Thank you so much for letting us meet at your place.
How have you been, Ms. Baek?
I moved north of the Han River.
How about we have our next class at Ms. Baek's place?
- It'll be a housewarming party. - Sounds good.
All right, let's do that.
"Let’s say that we had a good time."
"The birds that have flown over the bamboo forest..."
"and the refreshing sound of the wind that sparkles in our mind."
"Like the fluffy splitting clouds in the sky,"
"let’s say that we had a good time."
"We were that beautiful,"
"so sometime in the future, we shall meet again..."
"as little violet flowers."
I recited "Traveling Violet" by...
poet Kang Tae Rim for all of you...
because of today's topic.
It's death.
We all die one day.
In a way, knowing that we will die might make us...
that much more eager for life.
Today, I'd like all of us to face the idea of death.
Let's think about how we'd feel if we were to die tomorrow.
After choosing death as today's topic,
I texted all of you asking to bring your will.
You all brought it, right?
Yes.
- I love you. - I love you.
(Ownership Transferred Owner, Park Ji Yeong)
It includes the subrogation certificate, right?
It's with that certificate.
It looks like you want the house under your name now.
I'll leave it at this for now,
but you'll have to see me in court.
Pardon me?
Aren't you colluding with Mr. Han Min Gi?
What are you talking about?
I thought about suing right away,
but I figured that it'd be better to pay it off...
and then file a claim for all damages that have been done.
I'll also press charges for fraud and embezzlement.
Then, I'll see you in court.
It's me, Mr. Han.
- Hello? - This is Gangnam Police Station.
Excuse me.
I'm here because I got a call from Detective Lee Chun Gi.
- Are you Ms. Park Ji Yeong? - Yes.
Two cases have been reported to us.
The first one is Ahn Jae Gu going missing,
and the other one is Cheon Bang Soon's theft case.
You're connected to both cases.
I know about Jae Gu going missing,
but what do you mean by Cheon Bang Soon's theft case?
On February 13,
she stole Ms. Park Ju Mi's 300,000 dolllars worth of jewelry...
from Mr. Ahn Tae Dong's residence and ran away.
We heard that you hired her.
- That's right. - Where is she now?
Who?
Cheon Bang Soon?
Or were you asking about Jae Gu?
As for Jae Gu...
He broke into my hotel room with a knife.
You should be able to see it in the security camera footage.
We already checked the footage.
Then, you must know who took him.
It was my bodyguard.
But I'm afraid, I have no idea...
what he did to him.
Do you have any idea what your bodyguard did?
That's right.
Are you saying that he did whatever he did...
at his sole discretion?
That's correct.
I found him...
through the CEO of MK Capital,
Mr. Han Min Gi.
He probably did what Mr. Han...
told him to do.
And as for Cheon Bang Soon,
I have no idea where she is now,
but I can give you her address in our hometown.
She's probably not there though.
By the way, did anyone file charges against me for something else?
Like what?
I ran away with the money from selling...
Chairman Ahn's company.
That's why his eldest son came to the hotel to kill me.
Gosh, it's a total disaster right now.
The family is in such a mess at the moment.
There are so many things that I have to sort out,
but you're keeping me here. I don't have time to waste!
All right.
Then, we should get started right away.
Name.
That was the first...
and last time I saw Ms. Park.
This case is so perplexing and complicated that it's...
By the way,
how did the two of you become close?
"I'm departing this life like this,"
"but I want to leave with a big smile on my face."
"Since the day I first met you,"
"every day of my life has been filled with so much joy."
"I've never met anyone with such a positive mind..."
"and I've also never seen anybody with such a beautiful smile."
"Hence, not being able to see you anymore,"
"is the only reason why dying tomorrow..."
"is painful to me."
"Let's meet a bit sooner in our next life..."
"so that we can love each other more..."
"and be happier."
What was that? It was more like a love letter than a will.
No, it is my will.
I want to give this...
to my dear wife...
- when I die. - My goodness.
Mr. Kang, you're so romantic.
Gosh, I only wrote complaints about my wife.
You're making me look bad.
- Goodness. - Good job.
Why...
was my love...
so meaningless?
Ms. Woo, it's your turn now.
"These days, I'm going through..."
"the most intense and difficult time of my life."
"But it's helping me grow as a person at the same time."
"I'm grateful to have the chance to think about life and death..."
"at this point in time..."
"because I think I really needed it."
"As of tomorrow,"
"I will no longer be part of this world."
"My bones and flesh will be gone."
"Starting tomorrow, I'll exist as a mere skeleton."
I'm sorry that I'm late.
"We worried about possible misfortunes when we were happy,"
"and we hoped for happiness when such misfortunes befell us."
"Most importantly, we lived with ceaseless desires..."
"for things that we couldn't have."
"While looking down on others,"
"we still had to worry about what they may think of us."
"We constantly compared ourselves to others thinking..."
"it may help us decide how happy or unhappy we can say we are."
"Nonetheless, being alive is bliss in and of itself."
"I'm realizing it now that I'm faced with death."
"I was grateful for life itself."
"What made me happy was neither fancy clothes..."
"nor expensive bags."
"I thank and love the life I've lived..."
"and the people I've met..."
"over the course of my life."
Who is it?
Who...
Hello, Ms. Kim.
What are you doing here?
I came to say goodbye. This is my last month here.
Come in.
Did you find a new job?
Yes, it's a sales position at a credit card company.
You got a promotion and a raise.
Why are you quitting?
Mr. Seo has dirt on me,
so I've had to do things that I didn't want to do.
Things that you don't want to do?
I've tailed someone and...
Anyway, I can't expect to be...
treated respectfully if I stay here.
That's why I've decided to quit.
I think I'm partially responsible...
for you being treated like that.
- I'm sorry. - No.
I'm the one who started off on the wrong foot.
I want to apologize.
And thank you.
Ms. Kim, I hope you stay healthy.
Mr. Kim.
Do you need money?
No, not at all. That's not what this was about.
I broke up with that guy.
Do you...
want to be my boyfriend?
You can say no by all means.
I'll be fine since I have no feelings for you.
I won't be hurt.
Well...
Can I think about it?
Sure, think about it.
You should go.
Goodbye.
Just eat first.
After this, we can meet with the lawyer and the police.
Let's meet that prick, Mr. Han too.
By the way, about Jae Gu.
Where do you think he is?
He has never fallen off the face of the earth like this.
I know. What is happening?
What if he got abducted?
Do you guys have any idea?
Of course, we do. It's probably Park Bok Ja's doing.
Try to use your brain a little.
Gosh, what's wrong with you? Know your place, will you?
How dare you lecture me?
What should we tell the police first?
Hey, why did you cook the noodles for so long? They're all sodden.
Exactly. Is this supposed to be udon or what?
- Don't eat it then. - I didn't say I won't eat it.
- This situation is driving me nuts! - Gosh, seriously.
- See you in the next class. - Take care.
- Bye. - See you soon.
Call me if they start meeting up regularly again for brunch.
Of course, I definitely will.
Mr. Kang, aren't you leaving?
I have to speak with Ms. Woo about her lawsuit.
I'll leave in a bit.
I still have some legal matters to deal with.
All right. I'll get going then.
You didn't eat snacks earlier. Shall I fix you a meal?
Thank you very much.
Excuse me for a moment.
She totally startled me.
She must have been holding it.
Everything looks delicious.
Come join us. You must be hungry.
Let's eat together.
No, thanks.
This kimchi is so good.
Just come sit here.
Eat up, Ms. Yun Seong Hui.
There's something I've been wanting to ask you.
What is it?
Did you really love Jae Seok?
I'd rather not answer that.
I see. That's clever. That's a good answer.
I'm moving out. I've decided to give up.
Seriously?
You should sue and take it to court.
That way, I can make money.
- What's wrong? - This is so delicious.
This is unlike any other rice punch. It tastes divine.
I'll pack some for you so that you can drink it at home.
What are you planning to do with that woman?
I must take all the money she has.
Everything including the company and her money.
I cannot let a woman like her enter the upper class...
without shedding a drop of blood.
There's nothing I haven't done to get to where I am now.
Listen, I came this far on my own through my own efforts.
I couldn't stand her the moment I first saw her.
Who does she think she is?
That woman dared to humiliate me.
Not once, but several times.
- Hello? - I'm want a style consultant.
Just like how you were on the lookout for a caregiver,
I'm looking for...
a consultant who can refine my style so that I can really...
become a woman of the upper class.
All right, I'll do it for you.
You must have a specific taste though.
I mean, you can't just hire anybody, right?
I'd like it to be someone...
who likes Matisse and Kandinsky.
Come now.
To the place where we met for the very first time.
That place probably doesn't exist...
in your memory.
Just come to the place you remember...
meeting me for the first time.
I'll see you there.
The Daesung Pulp family has basically lost everything.
Ms. Jo and the woman whom Park Bok Ja hired...
ran away with all the jewelry that was in the house.
I heard that Park Bok Ja came back though.
My goodness. By the way, where did Ms. Jo go?
Her daughter is hospitalized now.
- That's probably where she is. - That's right.
She said her daughter has to get kidney dialysis.
Which hospital was it?
It's not in Seoul.
(Orderer: Park Bok Ja Product: Blowfish Porridge 1kg)
Keep your voice down. Pung Suk might hear us.
Do you really like Matisse?
I'm pretty sure I told you that day.
I like Manet more than Matisse.
Right, you said that.
Are you happier now that you're divorced?
Are you happier now that you have money?
Have you hired a lawyer yet?
I told you that the family will sue you to get the shares back.
Bring it on.
I'm no longer part of the family.
Jae Seok and his siblings will have to do it,
but Jae Gu has gone missing.
Yes, I know that.
I bet you also know where he is, right?
You won't believe me, but I don't know about that.
The police must be doing their best to find him at the moment.
I told them who might be a prime suspect.
Let's take your measurements first.
All right.
What's your shoe size?
I wear 245mm.
You said that you want to be like me, right?
Yes, I did.
Then,
will you be able to do as I say?
Of course.
All right, then.
Help Father wake up.
We have to keep the promises we made.
My plan was to win her over to my side through it.
Can we start today?
Sure. Let's start today.
(Healing Hands)
Being treated like a queen...
while looking over the entire Gangnam area from here...
is quite nice.
Like everything else, it's nicer when you behold it...
from afar and from the outside.
My goal was to turn everything back to square one.
That was the last thing I had to do...
as I was leaving that family.
After all, I was the one who let Park Bok Ja...
set foot in that house in the first place.
Father, it's me.
She's at home now.
Do you think she's back for good?
I'll make her stay.
She'll probably leave me...
if I wake up, right?
Do you want to get your money back?
Or...
is it her heart that you want back?
(Will)
I want a divorce.
Do you want to go to trial or what?
Who's the guy? Who is the father of that baby?
Why do you care?
What matters is that...
it's not yours.
Get out of my house immediately.
I want alimony.
Give me my share of the assets. Then, I'll leave.
Have you gone insane?
You don't deserve alimony.
I should get alimony from you.
You cheated on me and even got pregnant with that guy.
Let's...
go to trial then.
Between me, who cheated on you and is carrying a baby from an affair...
and you, who hit me 47 times in total up to this point,
each time with a two week recovery, who is more at fault?
Let's ask the judge.
- You... - Last but not least,
we should ask Yun Jae too.
He should choose with whom he wants to live...
between his two parents.
(Law Office of Kang Gi Ho Kang Gi Ho, Attorney at Law)
Hey, what are you doing here?
From what I remember,
I've made it clear to you that I don't want to represent you.
I'm not interested in hiring a lawyer like you.
Why are you here then?
To study the recent trends in the legal industry.
Gosh, that little...
I can knock him out with a single punch.
You must be well aware of the situation your family is in.
- What? - You won't sue her for the shares?
Why do you care?
The situation is very serious,
yet your ex- wife is looking after your father at the hospital...
and you're even making her worry about your family's legal matters.
What you're saying is bothering me on so many levels.
First off, why do you know so much about my family's situation?
That's exactly my point.
Why are you making me know so much?
You should figure it out so that I don't need to know.
Also,
are you worrying...
about my wife right now?
Hey, look.
If you call her your wife once again,
I'll teach you a serious lesson.
- She is my wife. - You two are divorced now.
- I'm going to file an appeal. - Sure, go ahead. By all means.
But make sure Ms. Woo won't have to worry about your family anymore.
She looks exhausted these days because she's been working so much.
Why are you worried about my spouse looking exhausted?
I told you she's not your wife anymore.
That's why I'm calling her my "spouse."
Are you an idiot?
You little...
Why is this so heavy? Gosh.
Come out. Just leave.
Goodness.
Why did you put the trash can here?
You'd never think he's not all there.
I can't believe you're giving all of those away.
My most valuable asset is myself.
I won't rely on clothes anymore.
She's my client. It wasn't easy for her to come here. Say hello.
Hello.
I'm almost done. Please give me a few minutes.
Okay.
Oh god.
Hey, you know what?
I just thought that monogamy where infidelity is...
legally allowed...
No, I mean...
The society that allows love.
I just dreamed of that idea, Mr. Park.
You don't have time to be sitting here like this, Mr. Ahn.
What should I be doing then?
The police are at the office at the moment.
- Why? - They arrived...
when you called me.
Why are they there?
You should go there now and find out.
Hurry up. Get in.
Get in.
Jae Hui.
Stop right there! Gosh. Jae Hui!
Are you saying Jae Hui brought those two guys...
and beat up Mr. Han?
Yes, that's right.
Why on earth did she...
By the way, that man, Mr. Han...
What happened to him?
Sorry?
You don't know anything.
Gosh, this totally sobered me up.
Everyone in that family is an idiot. All of them are too impulsive.
So, what happened to Jae Gu Ahn?
I did what you told me to do.
Well, I guess they'll sort it out amongst themselves now.
It's none of my business.
By the way, did he believe all of that?
Yes, he did.
I told you. All of them are brainless.
(Vip Room)
I'd like to thank your housekeeper for looking after Chairman Ahn.
Please stay by his side even for just a few hours at night.
Okay, I will.
I'll see you tomorrow at the gallery.
All right.
Wait.
The last outfit you wore today, the two-piece suit.
Please make me...
the exact same one.
Sure.
You should get going now.
Don't worry about Chairman Ahn.
Ms. Park.
You're not a bad person.
I've known that from the get-go.
That's why...
you can never become happy by committing bad deeds.
I'm here now.
So, please wake up soon.
I'm so impressed by A Jin.
She's giving these away without any hesitation.
It's getting late. You should leave for the day, Jin Hui.
No, it's okay.
Let's finish it up tomorrow.
We just have a few more to upload. Can I finish it before I leave?
My goodness. A Jin is blessed to have such good people around her.
Where did she even find a sworn sister like you?
Let's grab a snack together after we finish this.
Shall we?
Count me in too.
A Jin said she's coming back. The four of us should grab a drink.
Detective, that guy is a con man.
We didn't do anything wrong.
Will you keep your mouth shut like a total loser if you get conned?
Listen.
You barged into his office,
threatened him and beat him up!
Of course, I had to do it.
I told you that my family lost everything because of that jerk.
So, what? Is that why you paid these guys here...
and solicited them to assault him?
What on earth are you talking about?
I won't pay these guys.
You promised us that you'll pay us.
As you know, the plan failed.
You and your brothers are all liars. All of you are swindlers.
Jae Hui.
What brings you here?
- Oh, hello. - Hey.
What took you so long?
Apparently, Ju Mi has filed a missing-person report for Jae Gu.
- Did you know about it? - How would I know?
By the way, why are you so stupid?
What were you trying to do there with these guys in broad daylight?
Don't ever tell anyone that I'm your brother. You embarrass me.
Look who's talking.
Please lock up these people.
We couldn't even hit him once.
Where on earth did Jae Gu find these useless idiots?
Be quiet, please.
Do you guys think that this place is your living room or what?
Aren't we getting beef bone soup?
- Goodness. - He's driving me insane.
(Suspect, Ahn Jae Hui)
- See you. - Bye.
- Here's to A Jin's success! - Cheers!
I told him to join us.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
Bok Ja.
Chairman Ahn.
Thank you.
You've regained your consciousness?
Chairman Ahn?
You don't need...
to explain everything.
I just...
wanted to know your true feelings for me.
You can keep all the money.
I don't need it.
You don't need to run away that far...
because it's all yours anyway.
I'm... I'm sorry.
You're the one...
who brought me back to consciousness.
Thank you.
That's enough for me.
Chairman Ahn.
Shall we go home now?
Please don't worry about anything...
and wake up soon.
So that...
we can go on cruises together.
Let's live like that.
What? That woman is back?
Where is she now?
I'll pull all of her hair out.
You're being thoughtless again.
I think we should...
discuss how we can divide the assets and properties fairly.
Of course.
That woman better not have spent all the money she took.
You have no right to inherit anything.
You got a loan with this house as a collateral and get conned?
Well, that's...
I was just trying to save the company.
What will you do if Father finds out about it?
How will Dad find out?
He woke up.
Sorry?
Gosh, you startled me.
Are you guys showing up just now?
You're one to talk.
Hey, Jae Hui.
Chairman Ahn... I mean,
your father collapsed,
yet you didn't even visit him once.
I was going to visit him.
- But he company's situation... - Shut it.
I want you gone from here...
as well as from the house immediately.
Isn't this...
what you guys want?
What did you guys do when I ran away with the money?
All of you...
were only after the money.
Your father collapsed,
but no one...
None of you worried about him.
What are you talking about? I came here to see him.
Where is Jae Gu? Where on earth is he now?
He tried to kill me.
He broke into...
my hotel room with a knife.
So?
Where is he now?
Do you want to know?
You colluded with Gu Bong Cheol...
to take my money... I mean,
this money.
You lost your reason...
just to get your hands on this money.
Do you...
Do you know...
why I decided to come back?
Because I didn't want to turn out like you people.
Shut it.
You're screwed now.
I should be saying that to you.
That house...
is completely mine now.
So... I want all of you...
gone from that house.
I don't...
want to live with nasty people...
in the same house.
Who says that house is yours?
You lost that house like a total idiot...
and I got it back.
How can you say you got it back? That's my dad's money.
Right.
I'm so glad you brought it up.
Dad?
You obviously knew that your dad collapsed. Then why...
Why didn't you visit him when he was unconscious?
I can't give you guys much time.
I want you guys...
gone from my house immediately.
If I can be born again,
I'll become a painter.
You don't need to be born again to do that.
You should learn how to paint...
You can become a painter in this lifetime.
Do you think...
I can become a painter?
Of course. It's more than possible.
I'll introduce you to a painter.
Really?
Art is a hobby of many upper-class women.
They like to look at paintings or paint themselves.
Almost all of them do 1 of the 2.
I registered you for golf lessons.
You have to learn it starting tomorrow.
Okay.
Hello, madam.
When does Oh Su Yeon's exhibition start?
You'll have to wait a little while, madam.
It's scheduled to start on the eighth of the next month,
but...
I'll give you a call before that.
- Thank you. - Madam.
Eastern-style paintings are popular these days.
May I introduce you to a few talented artists?
I wouldn't mind it,
but I already chose Oh Su Yeon.
Okay, I got it.
What did you think?
You were proactive and friendly.
Whom did you observe?
Well,
I was obviously observing you.
You shouldn't be observing me anymore.
I no longer belong to the upper class.
I took a step down the ladder at my own will.
You should be studying that lady with whom I was speaking.
Her low voice and the look on her face that makes you wonder...
whether she respects your opinion.
She uses nouns more than verbs in order to convey her messages,
and she makes sure her short answers always sound respectful.
She also has a habit of being brief and direct...
when she needs to express her opinion.
Also,
when you're talking to people,
you must look at them in the eye.
I was curious.
Why did she change her mind?
Why did she come back so easily?
What changed her mind?
When she came back,
the whole world was already suspicious of her.
Everyone hated her.
I bet she has an ulterior motive.
Otherwise, she wouldn't come back like this.
Where on earth is Jae Gu?
She'll go to the police station tomorrow to give her statement.
Then, Jae Gu will get arrested.
We won't be able to find him if she doesn't do that.
The police can't investigate without knowing what happened.
I think...
this house is under that woman's name now.
Clean the house and look after your dad until we find a housekeeper.
Me?
Don't you want to do it?
Then, move out immediately.
What will you do about those guys?
Our debt has gone from 17 million won to 25 million won.
I never promised them any money.
They offered to do it for free,
saying that Mr. Han beat them up to a pulp in the past.
They said it really hurt their pride.
I'm telling you. You're dumb.
Look who's talking.
My gosh.
Gosh, it's cold.
Who is it?
It's me, Ms. Park.
What brings you here? I never ordered anything from you.
I heard that you're back.
That was rude of me. Please forgive me.
How can I earn a living after my discourteous conduct toward you?
I hope you can forgive me and I'll do my best.
This is blowfish porridge.
It's still warm. Please have some.
You like this porridge.
Chairman Ahn likes it, not me.
He's still at the hospital, right?
You should just eat it.
I heard from Ms. Jo...
that you were especially impressed by the blowfish porridge I made.
That's why I made it for you.
The kimchi has ripened, so it's delicious.
Eat them together.
I'll see you soon.
Right.
I know where Ms. Jo is now.
I'll text you the address.
It's not fair for those who have committed bad deeds...
to live a good life.
It's blowfish porridge. Come and have some.
- Yes. - You like it.
All right. Let's eat it together.
Please don't worry about me. Just have as much as you like.
Try this too. Here.
Good. Eat up.
Keep your eyes on the ball and lift it straight up all the way back.
1, 2. Take a deep breath and do it again. Hit it.
Great. You did that with the ball again though.
1, 2. Remember to keep your eyes on the ball. That's the key.
Nice. That's it.
- Did I do it correctly? - Yes.
Gosh, Dad! Dad, are you okay?
My gosh, Dad. What should I do?
- Don't these go so well together? - Yes, totally.
Just a second. Someone is calling me.
Hello?
What did you just say?
Goodness. Hey, I thought it was strange that she came back.
That woman tried to kill Dad.
Who will get all of his assets if he dies? She'll get everything.
Slow down and tell me what happened. What do you mean?
Dad...
lost consciousness after eating blowfish porridge she gave him!
I want to kill her.
You murderer! Is this what you wanted?
I was wondering why you came back.
Your plan was to kill Dad and get all of his assets, right?
They're saying the poison has spread all over his body.
How clever. I can't believe you tried to poison him to death!
Where are you going?
Gosh!
It's possible that Park Bok Ja cooked up such a ruse...
in order to kill Chairman Ahn,
and get her hands on all of his assets.
No,
she didn't have any reason to do that.
What do you mean by that?
(Gu Bong Cheol)
Chairman Ahn was not in his hospital room...
at the time of Park Ji Yeong's death.
You and Mr. Ahn Jae Seok are the only ones...
that have firm alibis.
(The Lady in Dignity)
I felt bad for Chairman Ahn.
As you know, all of his children...
just think of that old man as their source of money.
That's why...
I wanted to take...
really good care of him.
But...
Were you really trying to kill Ms. Park?
You better turn yourself in...
before I report you to the police.
Should I lie to them about going to the hotel...
to take the money from Park Bok Ja...
and everything else that happened after that?
Say whatever you want.
That woman is dead now.
I saw it with my own two eyes.
Did you tell the police?
I mean, she came from nothing.
I couldn't stand her being all snobby.
You and Mr. Ahn Jae Seok are the only ones...
that have firm alibis.
What should I do, Jae Gu? I'm so scared right now.
I had to get blood on my hands!
Don't tell me... Did you kill her?
To the point that I wanted to kill her.
Did you think that Park Ji Yeong intentionally gave you the porridge?
I...
died.